When I was a university student,
I had a lot of opportunities to use citations in my reports,
so I think you should be careful how you cite,
because if you aren’t very careful, your university professors will warn you to be careful about infringing on the copyrights of others.
Also, I think the most familiar ones are social media posts;
especially since the first thing that caught my attention was music.
Since sometimes what you think is okay is not, I believe students should be careful about such things.
My recommendation is the story about generative AI.
Recently, AI has become increasingly popular, and AI paintings are increasingly used in advertising.
So, in this story, we used a picture created by AI for the poster.
I actually tried it, but was like, “what does this look like?”.
And I thought, “Isn’t it a little similar?”.
So, I guess that’s what I feel closest to. I’ve been taking this video since the end of September.
Still, I think it will be helpful for students who want to use AI to make posters for various events, such as festivals in the fall and Christmas in the winter.
I think it will be useful for those events.
I think the topic of AI generation is a good one to talk about.
For those of you who have just started watching, the theme of the previous videos is what copyright is in the first place.
I think it’s a good starting point for those who, like me, know about copyright but don’t know what copyright is.
Last time, I talked about taking a picture of
a character lunch box and posting it on social media,
but I think many people probably don’t know about that,
so, I would like them to see it.
Yes, I have two concerns.
The first is about how to cite in papers as I mentioned earlier.
This is probably common among students, but I think citation is
quite difficult when you first try it.
It’s not just about pulling sentences; and I think there are many
things you can’t understand without doing a lot of research,
so, I recommend it the most. Also, I think many young people
want to be YouTubers nowadays.
In that sense, that is where copyright comes in.
I learned about copyrights, portrait rights etc.
If you study the accompanying copyright material,
you will probably understand and find that it is possible to have
fun doing this without getting caught up in copyright issues.
I recommend those two videos in particular.
After all, I felt a huge gap between
what everyone else was doing on social media
and how much I thought was okay,
so, I believe there are many things to see in that area.
Also, I felt like I knew the meaning of movie warnings in
everyday life because I usually see them.
Still, it was an opportunity to learn about them properly.
I think it’s essential to understand them,
so I also recommend that.